Update  5.1 ( Skipped $banID ) (#252)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/blackListIDs.md

# $blackListIDs
Blocks certain users from using the command.

## Syntax
```
$blackListIDs[user IDs;...;error message]
```

## Parameters
- `user IDs`: The users to blacklist from using the command. Separate user IDs with `;`.
> [How to get user ID?](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/206346498-Where-can-I-find-my-User-Server-Message-ID-)

> - `error message`: The message that appears when the user running the command is blacklisted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `error message`: The message that will be sent when the user running the command is blacklisted.
```
